:safety_vest:(api) improve status code conformity for GET (#304)
openfun/ralph: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed 

> - API `get` returns code 400 with certain paramaters as per the xAPI specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LRS `/statements` `GET` method should return a code 400 with certain parameters as per the xAPI specification
```
